if there's anyone who could shake us out
of this pandemic doldrum it is my guest
tonight he's joining us now from Murray
Manor please welcome Bill Murray i bill
and bill how you doing hi
I'm doing well oh you have doing pretty
well but I'm in that funny moment I mean
I don't know if everyone is going
through the same moment I'm going
through it but I'm drawing my tub now
and I'm having a little difficulty
because getting the right temperatures
always been a problem with me yeah and
for the purposes of today I think it's
kind of a celebration because I haven't
seen you in a while I thought you know I
thought a public bath would be
appropriate but you know how it is with
bubbles you can't you can't count on
can't snap your fingers and make them so
they just come when they come you know
we're not in a rush we can wait for the
bubbles to come you know when you
quarantine you don't have to sit in the
tub you are allowed to go around the
house it's as long as you stay on the
inside of the house you're okay no you
know this is genius really because they
do say soap and water are the best
things to protect you from the virus and
you're right in it well I'm hoping to go
you know any cold tubs are really the
best and I want to experiment with that
because I've never tried to make bubbles
in a cold tub I'm not going to do that
just yet
because I want to be you know I want to
do it because you know sort of alive and
happy and focus with you as I can but
once once we get to a certain point when
we've accomplished what we really need
to you know entertainment wise or
socially distance-wise
I think I might switch to cold I don't
blame me for one moment what's the mood
like in in Charleston South Carolina
right now where you are wearing a mask
when I go out and most people most young
people do not wear masks at all most
they don't yeah the only people I see
are people that haven't put on their
makeup yet so are those kind of people
but I like it but I think anyone is not
wearing a mask I mean you can argue oh
you're being socially irresponsible
you're risking your life and the lives
of others
yeah maybe I'm on the side of that's
right you understand if I weren't
otherside of water wouldn't I walk in
with my guns drawn so and not just law
and order but common decency for God's
sake
are you missing baseball you're a
co-owner of minor-league team there in
Charleston and you guys are close now
right let you do it
I've been trying I've been trying the
Korean baseball for about an inning at a
time at night in but it's okay it
doesn't get done they have all the old
games on ESPN that kind of thing but I
really miss baseball I saw someone
walking down the street with a
basketball going to shoot going to play
basketball just now so I don't think he
didn't look like he was in the NBA but
yeah I miss baseball a lot and they're
gonna try to play baseball so let's see
what happens
bill I went on the website of the
Charleston RiverDogs a team you are
co-owner and also what's your job there
you're the director of fun they're
coming in correct your fun yeah yeah I
noticed you guys even though you're not
playing baseball you are serving food
there people can go to the stadium and
pick up something from to go from the
Joe this is quite a menu in the walk off
healthy meals section I notice a smokin
wedge salad which is an iceberg lettuce
leaf filled with blue cheese and a looks
like a couple of thick slices of bacon
on top yeah
what's the homewrecker do you know that
item on the menu
the homewrecker is like a 14 inch long
hot dog Wow that explains why the bacon
is the healthy part of the menu
have you been one of the last that's on
ESPN I know you're on a Bulls fan of
course it's fun a night I've actually
seen myself there I'm in the background
right yeah that was an exciting time to
be a part of the Bulls fan view Chicago
I got the Hat on because I'm last
dancing today but it's um it's a great
it's a great thing and and there it's
very fascinating to watch I keep but
people keep saying it's too much for
some people they can't take like both
back to back there are people to go I
can turn now to the mouth partly I think
they're think they arrived they come
exhausted but they think it takes a lot
out of people did you ever have a
memorable experience with with Michael
Jordan I know that many people are
always having memorable experiences with
you is there something that comes to
mind when you think of him off the court
well I made Space Jam with Michaels
right and I people forget that I got the
assist on the game-winning basket you
know you know so easily forgotten they
remember Willis Reed but they forget
quite you know oh yeah yeah I stole the
ball I made the pass I got nothing yeah
I wasn't even interviewed after but I
had that was a lot of fun making that
you know you know you make movies you
make a shot and then 45 minutes or now
we return the cameras and we would go
play golf
we were up an arrow would shooting an
arrow would and we would just go play
golf for an hour play three four holes
of golf with Larry Bird and Michael and
myself and it was that was a lot of fun
but my favorite was once I played it
across only out of time
no I just want to know is this noise too
loud for you because I'm getting more
bubbles
it's nice it's fine it's soothing yeah
it's soothing it's like a Japanese bar I
did a shoot out thing once at the
Western open in Chicago and one of those
deals were of some sort of celebrity
full place with a pro and it was great
because it was all the Great Chicago
athletes it was Ditka and Michael and
Ernie Banks and Walter Payton and Doug
Wilson the black ops and all these guys
hit it great but somehow I ended up
being in the last group everyone else
was a limited except my guy and I J
Peter Jacobson against Michael Jordan
and so it was my our teams of the final
hole and my friend Bubba Phillips ran up
to me with a picture of Sports
Illustrated that showed Michael
literally hot you know his whole body
behind the room sink
Billy this is the guy you got a bead on
this hole okay and I did meet him oh and
he beat him and I beat him but he was
exhausted at the end of the day he was
you know hit son 300,000 autographs but
just as he was leaping out of the out of
the back of the back of the back and
said hey Michael wait Michael and I saw
just by to go up one more and I said
would you take the photograph with my
mother any point and there's the most
hilarious photograph of my mother
Lucille Collins Murray one of the paler
beauties ever put on the planet and and
next to this giant man she was only at
five and the smiles and they're both of
their faces because they knew exactly
how nice well-built Bill Murray's with
us and we come back we're gonna bill is
gonna help you so we'll be right back
welcome back to Jimmy Kimmel Live from
my house Bill Murray's in his tub at his
house we're chatting and I will say that
Bill Murray gives great advice and in
fact when we're having our baby bill
gave us great advice and Bill I thought
it would be fun if we answered some
emails I'm beginning a lot of emails and
hello Jimmy Kimmel at gmail.com and
maybe you can help some of these people
all right sure
this year
woman her name's Kate she says I'm 14 I
have nothing to do in quarantine do you
have any advice what would a 14-year old
Bill Murray have been up to
well I was gonna save my entire family I
would have been I don't know what I
would have been trying to do something I
think I would have been staying away
from the middle of night trying to
eliminate the world's largest ironing
pile that's what I used to try to do
anyway there were nine kids and no and
close we get washed and dried but no one
whatever you know so iron would be great
thing for her to do I think she took
this walk around the house I think you'd
be surprised how many insect
infestations are happening now
I think people are aware of it most of
the time and this is the time of year
when insects move I think she should
move around the perimeter of her house
you know just what some people use
baking soda and baking powder or that
kind of thing she should just sprinkle
the house around it and people people
that you know neighbor say you don't get
along we'll see that they won't become a
by any longer so that's that's a great
little girls love bugs
this is a kid named florell Alvarez says
there's gelato in the freezer that isn't
mine should I eat it bye-bye floor floor
I've been watching when they announced
it
Florenz a free concert that's the
people's gelato okay I should recommend
the floor that you should try to make a
drowning man and I forgot home with that
jar Oh make that for her father just
makes a really dark coffee espresso or
something put that gelato in a coffee
cup and pour espresso or dark coffee
over that and it makes like root beer
floats have that sort of crunchy on the
outside of the ice cream it does have a
coffee it's really good jarett's and
he's become the favorite child yeah I
love that one more question this is from
Ryder story in Modena Texas should I let
my dad cut my hair since all the barber
shops are closed absolutely
well yeah cut my hair until I think I
had maybe one two barber shop haircuts
in my whole grade school into high
school and well we had too many kids you
know you got I mean if you
there was not like nine there wasn't a
hundred dollars to go get haircuts you
know it just wasn't happening so he
learned how to cut here I've got one of
those things too and I do it myself
it looks better then I mean needs a
little cleaning up but but basically
cutting your own hair with one less
exhibit feels really good to do she let
the kid try to do it himself and then
let the dad clean it up because you
can't teamwork huh that's what makes it
family as a family bill each night we
are making a donation to charity you've
chosen the restaurant employee Relief
Fund RER fqs your son Homer has a great
restaurant in Brooklyn called 21
Greenpoint and you and Homer are taking
on Guy Fieri and his son in a nacho
cheese making competition on Friday on
the Food Network Facebook page you'll
crush him right yeah and he does a lot
of nice things for other people but I
think you know this is going to be a
tough week for guy and I think guys
friendship who sits around him and tell
him you know it's not all about winning
you gotta learn how to lose well thank
you both Bill Murray's making the most
of our team you never take a bubble bath
too far
thank you Bill Murray I appreciate it
Bill Murray was right back
[Music]
Jimmy Dolan's